In the mid-Joseon period, about 30 miles outside the west gate of Jeonju, Jeolla Province, a retired civil servant named Choi Man-chun lived. He had a wife named Lady Jo, but after several years without children, he prayed at a famous mountain temple and was blessed with a daughter late in life, whom he named 'Kongjwi'.

However, the joy was short-lived. Lady Jo passed away due to illness just a hundred days after Kongjwi was born. In the end, Choi Man-chun raised Kongjwi on his own, carrying her around and going to the neighbors for breastfeeding. Kongjwi grew up healthily and the two of them leaned on each other and lived happily.

But when Kongjwi was 14 years old, Choi Man-chun remarried to a widow named Lady Bae. Lady Bae had a daughter, 'Patjwi', from her previous husband. Patjwi was one year younger than Kongjwi, becoming Kongjwi's stepsister.

However, Lady Bae and her daughter had very different personalities, and from the moment they became part of Kongjwi's family, they created conflicts between father and daughter, causing Choi Man-chun to dislike and abuse Kongjwi.

A few years later, a big feast was held in Kongjwi's maternal family's home and the uncle and aunt invited Kongjwi, but Lady Bae, not wanting to send Kongjwi, gave her the task of beating out cotton and picking the shells off of sesame seeds, then left for the feast with Patjwi.

However, a fairy appeared and helped with beating the cotton, and sparrows helped pick the shells off the sesame seeds, so she was able to finish the task quickly. Kongjwi, wearing the beautiful silk clothes and flower shoes given by the fairy, went to her relatives' house.

But as Kongjwi was crossing the river, she was startled by an official's carriage following her, and accidentally dropped one of her flower shoes into the river. The official who saw this picked up the shoe and kept it, intending to find its owner later.

During the feast, the official's servants brought the shoe and asked whose it was, and Lady Bae and Patjwi insisted that it was theirs and tried to put it on, but it didn't fit because their feet were too big. An elderly lady who was a guest noticed that Kongjwi was missing a shoe and suggested that it might be hers. When Kongjwi shyly tried the shoe on, it fit perfectly.

And so, Kongjwi was taken to the official. The new appointee was an elderly official named Kim, who had held the positions of secretary and judge. He had been lonely since his wife passed away and had not taken a concubine, but he fell in love with Kongjwi at first sight and asked her to marry him.

Kongjwi also had a good impression of Kim, so she went to live with him. This is how Kongjwi's story ends happily. What happened afterwards, nobody knows.